Timelion deprecation doc (#74508)
elastic/kibana: docs/visualize/timelion-deprecation.asciidoc

[[timelion-deprecation]]

> == Timelion App Deprecation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Timelion App deprecation
```

> *With 8.0*, Timelion app is going to be deprecated so there are some actions you should take to copy your existing Timelion worksheets to a dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 8.0 and later, the Timelion app is going to be deprecated. There are actions you need to complete to copy your existing Timelion worksheets to a dashboard.
```

> This guide is designed to help you through this process. 

Reviewer: I don't think we need this line.

> One important note here is that it is going to affect *only the Timelion application*. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Only the Timelion app is deprecated, not the Timelion editor.
```

[role="screenshot"]

> image::images/timelion-app.png[]

Reviewer: This looks like an older version of the Kibana UI? I would remove all of the navigation, so that it looks like:

![timelion_ui](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38990715/89574988-a8118780-d7f2-11ea-98b4-2ba7aa506876.png)

{nbsp}

> If you use Timelion only as visualization feel free to skip this guide. 

Reviewer: I think the note above covers this information, so I don't think we need it here.

[float]
[[timelion-app-to-vis]]

> === Create Timelion visualizations from a Timelion sheet

Reviewer: `sheet` or `worksheet`?

Author: worksheet :)

> To migrate your Timelion's charts to Timelion visualizations, you should copy the expression of each graph and create a new Timelion Visualization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To migrate your Timelion charts to **Visualize**, copy the expression of each graph and create a new Timelion Visualization.
```

> * Select the chart you want to copy and copy its expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the chart you want to copy, and copy its expression.
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/timelion-copy-expression.png[]
{nbsp}

> * Navigate to Visualize to create new visualization and click on Timelion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the menu, click **Visualize**, then click **Create visualization**. On the **New Visualization** window, click **Timelion**.
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/timelion-create-new-vis.png[]
{nbsp}

> * Paste the copied expression to *Timelion Expression* field and click the Update button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paste the copied expression to the *Timelion Expression* field and click **Update**.
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/timelion-vis-paste-expression.png[]
{nbsp}

> * Save the new Timelion Visualization and repeat for all your charts on each sheet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save the visualization and repeat for all your charts on each sheet.
```

[float]
[[timelion-sheet-to-dashboard]]

> === Create a new dashboard with Timelion visualizations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Create a dashboard with the Timelion visualizations
```

> Timelion sheets may be deprecated but they can easily be replaced by a dashboard. The process is the same as adding a new visualization to a dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timelion worksheet sheets are deprecated, but they can easily be replaced by a dashboard. The process is the same as adding a new visualization to a dashboard.
```

> * Navigate to Dashboard and click to create a new dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the menu, click **Dashboard**, then click **Create dashboard**.
```

> * Click to Add an existing visualization to the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the dashboard, click **Add an existing**, then select the Timelion visualizations.
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/timelion-add-to-dashboard.png[]
{nbsp}

> * Add your Timelion visualizations and save your dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add your Timelion visualizations and save your dashboard.
```
